for all welcome to big bolivar
tv well today we are going to
teach a cover within what is
They include the slim type cases for
iphone in this case then we will teach
one for iphone 5 or iphone 5 for apple and
well we have wanted you is this case
for those of you who are looking for a cover
Slim as thin as possible and
one because currently the lightest
market the sleeve more is smaller more
minimalist is the model or code of
manufacturer or fucking a lot maker
quality and as you can see already having kind of
packaging that comes with the cover
it gives us an idea of ​​the quality of
product voucher comes with a manual
instructions with a protector
free screen that we can put in
an iphone screen is worth well then
said this as you see here is the model or
manufacturer code or zac and you see that
It has a weight of 3 grams and only 0 3
millimeters thick is to say is a
completely totally sling
in front of the time
in a plastic box and as we have
said before then here we have manual
instructions and include how we have
commented then a screen saver
to put it on our screen
final iphone is well worth here we have to
found fixing is the first thing we notice
is that it is totally as if it were a
paper sheet
I do not know if you can see here the 0.3
millimeters thick that has a
totally slim case more than this
I really do not know what there can be and good
You see here that it comes with the logo of the
manufacturer today here is a sleeve that in
this case we have taken the transparent
since in this case they do not fix iphone5
of white color nor bodies and we think
which is the most appropriate and good
let's see how it is
we always put it on the side of
buttons
it's very easy to put on and really yes that
is we can I can tell you that really
it's recent as if it were a
sheet of paper as if it did not
absolutely nothing
really the model the sleeve mode
simao coats as if it were a 1 and a
waterproof no
and let's tighten the perimeter to
make sure that this case
correctly put
and now we have good, well, look how
it's pretty good because
obviously it is not transparent at one hundred
Per hundred, but yes, it is
translucent and good lets see with what
that silicone an apple apple
set as good even the part of
crystal and it stops for iphone aluminum
5 you see clearly we have an opening
for the lens
and the flash you see and see what is
totally slim it is as if we did not wear
nothing
obviously the all buttons and
the openings for the buttons are
Totally free button volume button
of newt is worth the rear ports of
a few speakers the connection for the
lightning and well then take a shock
totally free
just the feeling that we have is
which is a totally lightweight case
let's say the iphone as simply not
we got absolutely nothing and one then
little more to tell you the advances of the
slim type cases they do not want them
like that covers that break the aesthetic
from the iphone this case of font 5
let's say it's the model indicated as
you see from here the model coat also
tell you that this model really
those who are looking for an anti-shock cover
forget you over a sleeve simply
to avoid what are chaffs of
wear scratches and a little more
teeth and if the phone falls
be our sleeve then good
It will not help much, it's not a
Sofa cover anti shock is a case
just to avoid scratches
scratches and letters and more pretension
certainly for that cyrus paradise for
those uses forgiveness is also the best
option in what are steam vale covers
well then nothing this is we repeat the
found in model or coach of the manufacturer or
zaki is currently valid for you
find in amazon and well then
soon also in our store
online you also see that they are for iphone
5 and 1 because he also has what they achieved
because they are covers that are not good
so economical with physical actions that
we have found out there bharatiya
let's say a cover a lot of quality is
I would notice to the touch and well then the good
Well, if you have to pay, it's worth fine,
here that's it and thank you very much for
watch this video
Y